Readme update (#16)
rust-embedded/r0: README.md

# r0

[![Build status](https://api.travis-ci.org/rust-embedded/r0.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rust-embedded/r0)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/r0.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/r0)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/r0.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/r0)

> Memory initialization code **"crt0"**-like written in Rust. This crate is for bare metal systems where there is no ELF loader or OS to take care of initializing RAM for the program.

Reviewer: This looks grammatically wrong now, maybe remove the crt0 mention since it's already mentioned below now?

```suggestion
Memory initialization code written in Rust. This crate is for bare metal systems where there is no ELF loader or OS to take care of initializing RAM for the program.
```

Also, splitting the second sentence into its own paragraph would be good.

> This project is used by other crates, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is meant to be used by runtime crates, like:
```

Might also be worth explicitly mentioning that this is not intended to be a user-facing crate. But this should be fine.

# r0

[![Build status](https://api.travis-ci.org/rust-embedded/r0.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rust-embedded/r0)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/d/r0.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/r0)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/r0.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/r0)

> Memory initialization code **crt0** written in Rust. This crate is for bare metal systems where there is no ELF loader or OS to take care of initializing RAM for the program. Is also provides an API to add «life before main» functionality to bare metal systems.

Reviewer: This is not a C runtime, which is why "crt0" is in quotes in the lib.rs documentation.

Also, all the life before main stuff has been removed.

Author: > all the life before main stuff has been removed.

Docs does not say anything about that.

> This is not a C runtime, which is why "crt0" is in quotes in the lib.rs documentation.
I will add quotes

Reviewer: https://github.com/rust-embedded/r0/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#unreleased

Author: done

This project is used by other crates, like:

* [cortex-m-rt](https://github.com/rust-embedded/cortex-m-rt)
* [riscv-rt](https://github.com/rust-embedded/riscv-rt)
* [msp430-rt](https://github.com/rust-embedded/msp430-rt)

Wiki quote:

> crt0 (also known as c0) is a set of execution startup routines linked into a C program that performs any initialization work required before calling the program's main function.
> It generally takes the form of an object file called crt0.o, often written in assembly language, which is automatically included by the linker into every executable file it builds.

> Read more about [crt0](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crt0).

Reviewer: The wiki quote also makes it sound like this is a crt0 implementation. I'd prefer to just link there, maybe with an explanation like

    This crate provides similar functionality to [crt0](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crt0) in the C runtime.

Author: Done

This project is developed and maintained by the [Cortex-A, Cortex-M, Cortex-R, MSP430, and RISCV
teams][teams].

## [Documentation](https://docs.rs/r0)

## License

Licensed under either of

* Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0))

> * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or [http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT))

Reviewer: These changes are not necessary

Author: Yes, but if you use any linter of markdown (like VSS Code plugin), it will say, that raw links are prohibited.

Reviewer: You can use `<link>` syntax here to reduce duplication

Reviewer: While you're changing these, using `https` instead of `http` is probably a good idea too
